# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**
This dataset contains data about bank marketing campaigns based on phone calls to potential clients. The campaing has as target to
convince the potential clients to make a term deposit with the bank. We seek to predict whether or not the potential client would 
accept to make a term deposit with the bank.


**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**
The features of the data used are below : 

1)age : The age of the potential customer.

2)job : The job the potential customer does. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "technician", "unknown", "blue-collar", "admin.", "housemaid", "retired", "services", "entrepreneur", "management", "self-employed", "student", "unemployed".

3)marital : The marital status of the potential customer. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "married", "single", "unknown", "divorced".

4)education : The education level of the potential customer. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "high.school", "unknown", "basic.9y", "basic.6y", "basic.4y", "illiterate", "professional.course", "university.degree".

5)default : If the potential customer had defaulted. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "yes", "no", "unknown".

6)housing : If the potential customer has taken housing loan. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "yes", "no", "unknown".

7)loan : If the potential customer has a personal loan. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "yes", "no", "unknown".

8)contact : The type of the current contact of the marketing banking institution with the potential customer. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "cellular", "telephone".

9)month : The month occurs the current contact of the marketing banking institution with the potential customer. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "jan", "feb", ... "dec".

10)day_of_week : The day of the current contact of the marketing banking institution with the potential customer. It is a categorical field. The possible values are "mon", "tue", "wed", "thu", "fri".

11)duration : The day of the current contact of the marketing banking institution with the potential customer. It is a numerical value.

12)campaign : 

The data used for predictions are from : https://automlsamplenotebookdata.blob.core.windows.net/automl-sample-notebook-data/bankmarketing_train.csv .
First of all the data are cleaned with the ```clean_data``` in ```train.py```. The rows with missing values are dropped and categorical fields are converted to numerical fields.


**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
